U.S. Department of State Electronic Application Center
Select Tooltip Language 
ENGLISH
Online Nonimmigrant Visa Application (DS-160)
Apply For a Nonimmigrant Visa

Tooltip Language: English     [View Tool Tip Help]
Most of this application has been translated. To see the translation point your mouse over any sentence on the page.
English	Chinese	Hindi	Korean	Portuguese	Thai
Arabic	French	Indonesian	Montenegrin (Latin)	Romanian	Turkish
Bengali	German	Italian	Persian (Farsi)	Russian	Urdu
Chinese	Hebrew	Japanese	Polish	Spanish	Vietnamese
Welcome!
The first step in applying for a U.S. nonimmigrant visa is to complete your application. It takes approximately 90 minutes to do this. After you submit your application, you can move on to the next steps such as scheduling your interview.

Important: Before You Start
Learn about Types of Visas.
This website is designed to be accessed using Chrome, Edge, or Firefox only.
Gather your documents.
Review the instructions and FAQ.
Notes:
Other people can assist you with your visa application. Note that under U.S. law (22 C.F.R. 41.103) you must electronically sign and submit your own application unless you qualify for an exemption. Even if someone else helped you complete the application, you (the applicant) must click the “Sign Application” button, or your application may not be accepted.

**Please be patient as you use this form. Download times may vary depending on your internet connection speed.**
Get Started
Select a location where you will be applying for this visa
Filter locations 

- SELECT ONE -
Enter the code as shown: 
CAPTCHAChange the CAPTCHA codeSpeak the CAPTCHA code


Select a location and make sure you have the documents and information you will need.
START AN APPLICATION
You will be asked for your application ID and answer a security question.
RETRIEVE AN APPLICATION
Additional Information
» Write down the Application ID displayed on the top right hand corner of the page. If you close your browser window, you will need your ID to access your application again.
» Save your application frequently. The system will time out after 20 minutes of inactivity, and you will lose all unsaved information.
» Read more about U.S. visas at travel.state.gov.
» Visit the website of the U.S. Embassy or Consulate.
 
This site is managed by the Bureau of Consular Affairs, U.S. Department of State. External links to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views contained therein.
Copyright Information   Disclaimers   Paperwork Reduction Act   FBI Privacy Act(229)
